h1. ForgeosCMS

ForgeosCMS is an extension of Ruby on Rails for CMS development

FORGEOS_CMS_VERSION 0.9.0

h1. Prerequisites

h2. Plugins

* ForgeosCore

h2. Initialize

  <pre><code>
  $ ./script/generate migration install_forgeos_cms_plugin
  </code></pre>

Edit the generated file like this :

  <pre><code>
  class InstallForgeosCms < ActiveRecord::Migration
    def self.up
      migrate_plugin :forgeos_cms, LAST_MIGRATION
    end

    def self.down
      migrate_plugin :forgeos_cms, 0
    end
  end
  </code></pre>

Note: LAST_MIGRATION is the number of the last database migration of ForgeosCMS.

Launch FogeosCMS Install :

  <pre><code>
  $ rake forgeos:cms:install
  </code></pre>

h2. Update routes.rb

Replace your routes by :
  <pre><code>
  map.routes_from_plugin(:forgeos_cms)
  </code></pre>

The default root url is 'home'. 
You can change this by adding the folllowing line:

  <pre><code>
  # for url like /page_url
  map.root :controller => 'cms', :action => 'show', :url => 'page_url'

  # for url like /section1/section2/page_url
  map.root :controller => 'cms', :action => 'show', :url => 'page_url', :sections => ["section1", "section2"]
  </code></pre>

h2. Set locales (if not already done)

Then set up project name for each locale.
For English, edit config/locales/en.yml and add :
  <pre><code>
  en:
    project_name: My website
  </code></pre>

h1. Default settings

h2. Admin

 URL: /admin
 Login: admin@cms.forgeos.com
 Password: admin

h2. Pages

* HomePage
* 404 page

Powered by [http://www.webpulser.com Webpulser]
